[Music]
hello it's Peter Spencer I'm here about
selling the house anyone home
[Music]
hello
is it detective Muldoon
this is Peter Spencer something happened
to me at 44 Rayburn Drive someone was
murdered I thought the house
well you never go into that place
something never felt right about it
looks like we got another one do you
think that the body we found related
I went to the house hello police
department
[Music]
maybe something followed me home no
what's going on what's not we need to
leave right now
[Applause]
[Music]
why is dream specs way better than real
sex
what cuz they come when you want them to
girl that is so true when I'm done
they're done huh
ever think about all the stuff we've
done and wonder how we did not die we
are too bad as planes like those
who raised Wonder Woman we've worked our
asses off we've opened up our own store
we'll win it one four hundred and
ninety-three thousand dollars in debt
[Music]
I'm Clara Luna I am going to invest 1.7
million dollars on you we would love a
million but in my experience business
and friendship don't always mix you
don't have to worry your pretty little
head my head is not little it's just
that my breasts are humongous you want
to be a businesswoman you're gonna have
to act like a boss you have to fire him
what don't hate me hate Mel was her idea
witness my tragic moment introducing a
new product at her launch party she just
wants to steal our ideas we gonna break
this bitch's back
[Music]
I punch that in the face I would
marry you if I was in the cookie ghost
peppers they are very spicy just a
little sliver goes a long way you
peppers are really hot listen carefully
you are now 5000 miles from land and
you're descending seven miles to the
bottom of the ocean
see you all in a month here we go
all right we're doing this let's do this
[Music]
on a scale from one to ten whole bugs my
rig 10 I drilled to the bottom of the
ocean and we don't know what came out
gotta get to this dish how do we even
get that the wok we're just gonna walk
with insufficient oxygen across the
bottom of the ocean you don't know
what's out there
oh is that
lost your data in the Batmobile don't
hold the road like this
tight pants and fast cars don't make you
Batman Mike
get me the out of this car
we got more time behind us than in front
please I'm gonna be running down
criminals till I'm 100 not me on guitar
this time we'd be good men
who the wants to sing that song
Mike I'll put you on a new team you're
working with ammo now yeah ammo is a
high school musical boy band wit gun you
look great grandpa so you're that guy
there's always one right up til there's
not that's what I like teamwork the
definition of
Marcus somebody's trying to kill me who
wants to kill you I don't trust a person
that don't wanna kill he'll put my name
thanks a lot we got it Marcus we
appreciate it
but family is the only thing that
matters so I'm not letting you go on a
suicide mission alone one last time one
last time
you
Oh
[Music]
when the hell are you getting all these
helicopters
oh this is my wife's car cover the front
door he knows he always knows I see
trees of green red roses too
I see them bloom for me and him and I
think to myself
are you dr. Dolittle
[Music]
we've got choices but embark on this
perilous journey
you can talk to animals
it's okay to be scared
[Music]
hello Betty hello lunch
somehow we just belong together
myself oh what a wonderful world
[Music]
you
have you ever been a nanny this is my
first live in chopped well I hope you
know what you're doing the children are
very special Kate the thoroughbreds jeez
your friends must love it here I have no
friends you have no friends yep
well you have one now maybe may I ask
how the parents died nothing she had to
suffer it's not that simple
I don't I'm not part of the house why
not don't wanna hello shouldn't be in
here
what happened to your last nanny like
I'd tell you need to take charge Hecate
I know what you're afraid of keeping a
light son won't keep you safe can you
please stop
yeah I'm laying there and I'm not going
anywhere
promise promise cross my heart robes
done
everyone dies miles did you see
stop now
[Applause]
bad dreams
[Music]
I want you to play a game with me ray
I don't want to play a game oh please no
I said playing game with me right wait
lovely I want you to imagine a character
your boss Mickey piss you're too smart
to be blackmailing us Fletcher hey sweet
Mary Jane is my vice your boys on the
other hand is and always has been the
destroyer of worlds you're out of touch
and I would like you to consider an
offer I am NOT for sale the plot begins
to thicken now I can't be specific about
the heroes and zeros but our protagonist
is a hungry animal there is a lot of
money hanging in the balance our
antagonist explodes on the scene like a
millennial firewall and has indirectly
started a war I think you need to see
this boss
[Music]
they find it make inquiries his name is
we spoke with a PA so I was like
please the if you smell smoke
it's because there's a fire do you get a
stamp that how quickly these people are
gonna clean house and you are part of
that house in the jungle only way a lion
survives not by acting like
by being the king
well
it's really warming up now isn't it
design one rule this dude when the lines
hungry he's
[Music]
our associates are nuts
so you killed someone no it was the
gravity that killed him those phones
[Music]
operation Abilene was one of the
bloodiest battles of the Vietnam War an
entire company nearly wiped out
prayed from miracle Lord came
his name is pitch
it saved lives we put him up for the
Medal of Honor they never got the medal
justice delayed is justice denied the
Medal of Honor is the highest
recognition of military valor there is
you prepare a full decorations review
mr. Fitz and Barger sir I've run the
Department of Defense I'm here to learn
about your son if you want the real
story
you'll need to talk to the mud soldiers
I've never seen ausmin like that
mr. Bachman comes down that why I say
he's man he never even knew it sounds
like a suicide mission
suicide is hopeless puts embargo devil
Fowler I kept telling him to get out
where you wouldn't go
it was there to save lives and that's
what he was doing why are you here
because you're here and we shouldn't
even have been there
don't ever sure what are you saying
that's friendly fire
we're fighting our own men after-action
report is missing we even thought up
operation a plan in the first place it's
not a can of worms you won't open
why not information was removed from the
original review
we're starting I have never seen you
back off of anything usually we're
judged by what we do but what we don't
do is what haunts us I'm gonna go public
with the story sounds a little dangerous
but only great television getting that
metal for pits but man our loss might be
the only decent thing I pull out of that
war but smartest father
it's done dying isn't harder than losing
a child do what you can
guys like pittsenbarger to what they do
for each other life for a life I need to
finish this
compressed masses young man and show us
that the sacrifices of the fallen will
never be forgotten fairytale has a way
of getting into your head even before
you hear it somehow you just know it and
it always went like this pleased to make
your acquaintance
I'm called Gretel and this rough one
here is my brother Hansel tell me how
you came to be in my woods
there's too much and is it right you're
scared there's something wrong here
careful dear I'd hate for you to start
something you can't stop
I lost my family three years ago it
wasn't very accident there was a bomb on
that plane I need your help to find the
ones who did this I've got nothing to
lose what about your life what about it
I'm going to say this once even if you
succeed it won't be worth it I'll make
every street walking the streets promise
me you won't do nothing silly
[Music]
why are you here dropping your clutter
and how would you do that
[Music]
violently
you're much more human than I thought
you'd be that's a good discuss
we don't have a case about the scale of
the mess he cooks
[Music]
did you sleep last night
welcome now to see whatever is going on
you can tell me that's what I'm here for
you're relatively new to the company I
mean I've been working here for nearly
two months
did your under a lot of stress
entry-level jobs in this industry a
tough right
long hours first one in last one out
good night
you're smart you have to be smart it's a
tough job but I can see that you've got
what it takes I went those new page
before I get on the class he promised
the first day where we I 200k in two
times maybe you can put in a good word
for you know he'll hire externally
listen his schedule is shifted to 7:00
p.m. work what this is a turkey I said
chicken there's a coal leaning over
she's been here before a few times what
is it the wife say he's an important
meal so he's in the screening I
overreacted it was not my place to
question your decision I will not let
you down again
no he can always come to us right come
to us first okay
the last two checks don't have a name or
anything just the dollar amount ignore
it okay and well you know what it's for
yep
I wouldn't sit there never sit on the
couch here and here initial here sign
there
do I need an owner for something yeah
boy I was worried for this girl I mean
they were just like laughing about it
can you deal with this hi why me
who was that about nice to my time what
can we do about what
[Music]